W-10950264: Added errors descriptions (#1860)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: file/1.3/modules/ROOT/pages/file-troubleshooting.adoc

For additional information about enabling verbose logging for SDK components in your Mule application, see the xref:mule-sdk::troubleshooting.adoc[troubleshoot SDK components] documentation.

== Understand Common Throws

Here is a list of common throw messages and how to interpret them:

* FILE:CONNECTIVITY

The connection to the file server is no longer valid. Apply a reconnection policy if defined in the application setup.

* FILE:ILLEGAL_PATH

> This error occurs if the *createParentDirectories* property is set to false and the target path doesn’t exist nor does its parent.

Reviewer: Parallelism in list item wording:
```suggestion
The *createParentDirectories* property is set to `false` and neither the target path nor its parent exists.
```

* FILE:FILE_ALREADY_EXISTS

> This error occurs when the target file already exists and the *overwrite* property is set to false.

Reviewer: ditto:
```suggestion
The target file already exists and the *overwrite* property is set to `false`.
```

* FILE:RETRY_EXHAUSTED

The maximum number of retries for the operation is reached.

* FILE:ACCESS_DENIED

A File Connector operation attempted to access a file or a path and performed an action for which the user does not have permission.

* FILE:FILE_LOCK

An attempt to lock a file was unsuccessful.

* FILE:ILLEGAL_CONTENT

> The *Write* operation received invalid content to write.

Reviewer: Does this mean the same thing?
```suggestion
The *Write* operation was attempted using invalid content.
```
I think this might be one of those cases in which passive voice makes the meaning more clear.
